Update getting started CAPZ doc (#2184)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/vintage/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/azure/index.md

This acceptance needs to be performed only once for a subscription that is used to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.

> ### Enable Encryption at Host for Virtual Machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable encryption at host for virtual machines
```

Reviewer: we decided to not use title case

> To satisfy security departments requirements, there is a possibility to enable [encryption of data stored on Vitrual Machine host](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/disks-enable-host-based-encryption-cli). The data will be encrypted at rest with platform-managed keys to ensure the security of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To satisfy security department requirements, there is a possibility to enable [encryption of data stored on a virtual machine host](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/disks-enable-host-based-encryption-cli). The data will be encrypted at rest with platform-managed keys to ensure the security of the data.
```
